**For Zack:**

These are the steps you should follow if you want to access the "objective grid editor":
1. Download Github Desktop, connect to this repository (Google: how to connect repo to github desktop), pull the repo onto your own computer (Google: how to pull repo github desktop).
2. Download Godot, Import the repo you just pulled as a project in Godot.
3. In Godot:
  1. (Optional) Press "Run Project" in the top right corner (to make sure the game runs).
  2. Open **objective_grid.tscn** by double-clicking on it (Search in **FileSystem**).
  3. Press "Run Current Scene" in the top right corner while **objective_grid** is the opened tab in the middle panel.

Here are some tips for editing the ojbective grid:
- There is a camera with zoom and WASD movement. Unfortunately, it takes inputs even as you type in text fields. :)
- The camera can "sprint" with Shift.
- "Upfront" is what the player gets for "Accepting" a contract.
- "Completion" is what the player gets when the "Trigger" is triggered.
- Links between objectives are also triggers, which will trigger new contracts to appear at towns, rather than triggering a reward for the player.
- Description/Flavor text do not appear in-game yet.
- Save/Reset/Changing towns currently works (try exiting out and reloading the scene), but town grids are not yet connected to the actual towns.

Future Functionality:
- Access to this menu from in-game
- Settlements use objective grids generated by designers in the ObjectiveGridEditor
- More triggers (buildings destroyed, time passed, reputation reached, people fed/helped, region discovered, ship destroyed; I think this is where the real magic of the system comes in)
- More rewards (items, ships, upgrades, abilities, or we could say: all rewards are reputation, which unlocks access to content indirectly, eg, new items appear in the shop after a reputation threshold)
